New Data Source azurerm_virtual_wan (#9382)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/d/virtual_wan.html.markdown

  value = data.azurerm_virtual_wan.exemple.location
}

output "office365_local_breakout_category" {
  value = data.azurerm_virtual_wan.exemple.office365_local_breakout_category
}

output "sku" {
  value = data.azurerm_virtual_wan.exemple.sku
}

output "tags" {
  value = data.azurerm_virtual_wan.exemple.tags
}

output "virtual_hubs" {
  value = data.azurerm_virtual_wan.exemple.virtual_hubs
}

output "vpn_sites" {
  value = data.azurerm_virtual_wan.exemple.vpn_sites
}

```

## Arguments Reference

The following arguments are supported:

- `name` - (Required) The name of this Virtual Wan.

- `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Virtual Wan exists.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the Arguments listed above - the following Attributes are exported:

- `id` - The ID of the Virtual Wan.

- `allow_branch_to_branch_traffic` - (Optional) True, if allow branch to branch traffic is allowed.

- `disable_vpn_encryption` - (Optional) True, if vpn encryption is disabled.

- `location` - The Azure Region where the Virtual Wan exists.

- `office365_local_breakout_category` - (Optional) Possible value are :
    - `All`
    - `None`
    - `Optimize`

>     - `OptimizeAndAllow`.

Reviewer: (same here) could we make this:

- `office365_local_breakout_category` - The Office365 Local Breakout Category.

Author: I’ll change that :)

- `sku` - Type of Virtual Wan (Basic or Standard).

- `tags` - A mapping of tags assigned to the Virtual Wan.

> - `virtual_hubs` - (Optional) list of virtual hubs attached.

Reviewer: since this is now a list of ID's can we make this:

```suggestion
- `virtual_hub_ids` - A list of Virtual Hubs ID's attached to this Virtual WAN.
```

> - `vpn_sites` - (Optional) list of vpn sites attached.

Reviewer: since this is now a list of ID's can we make this:

```suggestion
- `vpn_site_ids` - A list of VPN Site ID's attached to this Virtual WAN.
```
